GitOps & API design: Add multiple Apple Business Manager and Volume Purchasing Program connections (#21043)
fleetdm/fleet: docs/Configuration/yaml-files.md

#### mdm

##### apple_business_manager

> - `organization_name` - is the organziation name associated with the Apple Business Manager account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `organization_name` - the organziation name associated with the Apple Business Manager account.
```

> - `organization_name` - the organization name associated with the Apple Business Manager account.
> - `macos_team` - macOS hosts are automatically added to this team in Fleet when they appear in Apple Business Manager.
> - `ios_team` - iOS hosts are automatically added to this team in Fleet when they appear in Apple Business Manager.
> - `ipados_team` - iPadOS hosts are automatically added to this team in Fleet when they appear in Apple Business Manager.

Reviewer: Looks like the current convention on this page is to not use dashes

```suggestion
- `organization_name` is the organization name associated with the Apple Business Manager account.
- `macos_team` is the team where macOS hosts are automatically added when they appear in Apple Business Manager.
- `ios_team` the the team where iOS hosts are automatically added when they appear in Apple Business Manager.
- `ipados_team` is the team where iPadOS hosts are automatically added when they appear in Apple Business Manager.
```

##### Example

```yaml
org_settings:
  mdm:
    apple_business_manager: # Available in Fleet Premium
    - organization_name: Fleet Device Management Inc.
      macos_team: "💻 Workstations" 
      ios_team: "📱🏢 Company-owned iPhones"
      ipados_team: "🔳🏢 Company-owned iPads"
```

> Can only be configured for all teams (`org_settings`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Apple Business Manager settings can only be configured for all teams (`org_settings`).
```

##### volume_purchasing_program

> - `location` - is the name of the location in the Apple Business Manager account.
> - `teams` - is a list of team names. If you choose specific teams, App Store apps in this VPP account will only be available to install on hosts in these teams. If not specified, App Store apps are available to install on hosts in all teams.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `location` is the name of the location in the Apple Business Manager account.
- `teams` is a list of team names. If you choose specific teams, App Store apps in this VPP account will only be available to install on hosts in these teams. If not specified, App Store apps are available to install on hosts in all teams.
```
